all right lads touchwood mr. Blake named
turn three times mr. brick house you're
in very good hands
seven weeks sailing and he happened on
our exact position well then perhaps he
was looking for us damn he was good an
active war will cripple them with basic
repairs we can get home as we are we're
not going home the power of nature will
threaten them our enemy had more than
twice our guns more than twice our
numbers we are supposed to stop torn
between fulfilling his duty captain's
not called lucky Jack for no reason
phantom oh no lucky jackal ever in the
lives of the men he commands steady he
must face the invincible fights like you
jack a hunter becomes the hunted well
then there's not a moment to lose
two feet 6 inches sir the men before you
anyway as a friend I would say that we
should have turned back weeks ago its
leadership they want strength find out
within yourself and you will earn their
respect
Terry flag
mommy bored you'll take him out of the
shipment see come on shit thank you sir
oh I'm for the prize say often
you